Why didn't my brother-in-law come with you?
He has been too busy recently, hahaha, here he comes, haha.
Ah!
Yanyan
This Mingxuan
Is there any prejudice against dad?
So he looked down on me and didn't want to come?
How come?
Don't think too much, sister.
I'm wrong about this.
If my brother-in-law doesn't want to forgive me
It doesn't matter.
Don't make it difficult for you, leave me alone
You're the father who died 20 years ago
Not because of my crap dad
Does it affect your relationship between husband and wife?
How can I leave you alone?
I'll explain to him slowly over at Mingxuan
Don't worry.
It's been so long, my sister is hungry, let's eat first
Oh look
Jinggu spoke
Is this all?
Your favorite dish when you were a kid, try it
Is it the taste of the past?
Sister, these are all specially made by Dad for you.
Eat more
Eat hey hey xi er
You eat too
Hey, eat more vegetables
So this year's mother
I abandoned him because of the meteor
Enter the rich family
Under anger
Hanged himself
When the detective I sent was tracking down Liu Xinyuan
Another unexpected discovery
What an unexpected discovery?
After hitting your parents with a car
The truck driver who hit and ran
It's Liu Xinyuan
Meteor edge